= Google Chrome synchronization =

This is an extension that synchronizes Google Chrome (or Chromium or Iron or ... ) with Google Bookmarks and Opera Link. '''This extension has still many bugs. So, if you want to use it, backup your bookmarks first (on both sides). One time all my bookmarks were removed, and luckily I had a backup.'''.

== Supported protocols ==

=== Google Bookmarks ===

The Google bookmarks support is more stable than that of Opera Link (has been tested more). It nearly 'just works' -- except, if you change labels outside Chrome, empty folders will remain in Chrome. I'm working on that. -- fixed?

=== Opera Link ===

Creating, deleting and moving of bookmarks and folders is supported (but buggy, sometimes it gives an error and it will get duplicated at the next sync). Thanks to ChaosinaCan for is excellent Opera Link JavaScript library (see the bottom of this page).

Deleting and moving of bookmarks and folders outside Chrome is now supported! They will not be re-created. Even folders and bookmarks moved to a newly created folder (should) work.

=== Firefox Sync ===

Not yet because it is very hard to decode the encrypted bookmarks (And I won't even think of encrypting them...). See https://bitbucket.org/philikon/weaveclient-chromium/ for an extension that tries it, but doesn't work anymore. I am working on a Firefox extension. Such an extension can synchronize with Google Bookmarks or Opera link and synchronize bookmarks that way.

== Supported browsers ==

=== Chrome ===
(Or Iron, Chromium, Flock...)

Supported. This was the first browser I made the extension on. Initially, I wanted to write a Chrome extension that would sync with Google Bookmarks, but I have extended the extension by moving the browser-specific and Google Bookmarks-specific code in separate modules.

=== Firefox ===

First version works!. It has lots of bugs and a lot of functionality is not supported, but that it works is the most important thing. I wouldn't recommend to use it except when you want to debug and/or help developing the extension. And always make a backup of your bookmarks before you loose them (or make a complete mess of it).

Opera Link does currently not work in Firefox, because I need to be able to open a tab and use something like content scripts (or something else, I don't know) to get OAuth working. Google Bookmarks is much easier.

It uses an XPCOM component as background page.

=== Opera ===

Work in progress. It is currently only useful to make such an extension for syncing Opera (Link) with Google Bookmarks. It would be much easier to just use Opera's built-in bookmarks system, but that is currently not possible.

== Installation ==

Download the .zip file (the big 'Download' button on the Github page -- this page) and rename the .zip to .crx (Chrome) or .xpi (Firefox) and open it with the browser. That works for Chrome, but doesn't for Firefox for some reason (says the file is corrupt?).


== Credits ==

* M. Martins for how Google Bookmarks work: http://www.mmartins.com/mmartins/googlebookmarksapi/
* Erik Hanson for a simple function to calculate human-readable relative dates (for example: x seconds ago): http://www.eahanson.com/2008/12/04/relative-dates-in-javascript/
* ChaosinaCan for a JavaScript library that can access Opera Link: https://github.com/ChaosinaCan/OperaLink.js
* Sebastiaan Deckers for a JavaScript function that calculates ISO 3339 timestamps (although I don't use it yet): http://cbas.pandion.im/2009/10/generating-rfc-3339-timestamps-in.html
